# Command skir
Skir is a tool for developing the Skirmish card game.

Usage:


	skir command [arguments]

The commands are:


	card        show information about a specific card
	export      compile cards from the database to a specific format
	ps          fill out Photoshop templates
	sql         query the database
	version     print skir version

Use "skir help [command]" for more information about a command.

### Show information about a specific card
Usage:


	skir card [-fmt=[format]] [card name]

Card prints data for the given card to standard output.

The -fmt flag can be used to alter the output format. The valid formats are: "string", "ue", and "xml".

### Compile cards from the database to a specific format
Usage:


	skir export [format]

'Skir export' pulls information for all cards from the database and compiles them into the given format.

The valid formats are:


	csv	csv formatted files to use as datasets in Photoshop.
		One file is generated for Deck Cards, and another is generated for Non-Deck Cards.
	ue	a collection of JSON files for importing into Unreal Engine.
		Deck cards are grouped by deck, Non-Deck Cards are grouped together.

### Fill out Photoshop templates
Usage:


	skir ps [card name]

'skir ps' fills out a Photoshop template file with information from the database

### Query the database
Usage:


	skir sql [PSQL query]

'Skir sql' queries the database for any desired information.

### Print skir version
Usage:


	skir version

Version prints the skir version.



- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)
